   Savlon is one of the best brands of ACI Limited.
 I am your Intelligent Assistant from ACI.
   Savlon soap has the double strength of Gold & Platinum which can kill any viruses including coronavirus. But you must use soap for at least 20 seconds.
  the outer layer of coronavirus is made of protein & fat which holds the other parts of the virus. In contact with soap, this layer breaks down destroying the structure of the virus and kills it. But you must use soap for at least 20 seconds to kill coronavirus.
   TFM % of Savlon soap is 76%.
   if soap gets in your eyes immediately wash with lots of water. You may experience burning  itching in your eyes. Please consult a doctor if the burning  itching does not go away or if any other complications are experienced.
   yes, you can wash your face with Savlon soap. But it is suggested to use moisturizer afterwards since the skin of face is highly sensitive.
   Savlon soap is a Grade 1 soap with a TFM level of 76%. With respect to the quality, the price has been fixed. Moreover, the double strength of Gold & Platinum gives you double protection from germs.
   there is no need to use water or Savlon liquid after using hand sanitizer. Hand sanitizer disinfects your hands without any need of water. But you will need to wash hands with water and soap if they are dirty.
   Savlon hand sanitizer has 70% alcohol.
   take sufficient amount hand sanitizer on your palms and rub in your hands and wrists. Rub till your hands are dry to properly kill germs in all parts of your hands.
   alcohol is a highly flammable substance.So avoid going near fire before your hands are fully dry after using sanitizer.
   all three products are completely different from one another. To use hand wash, first wet your hands using water and lather your hands by taking hand wash. Properly rub and cleanse your palms, fingers and between your fingers. On the other hand, both hand sanitizer and hand rub kills germs including coronavirus effectively. These two products have different formulations but perform the same task. Usually hand sanitizer liquid has higher density than hand rub. Both these products can disinfect without using any water.
   you should wash your hands with Soap  Hand wash frequently to prevent coronavirus. Besides, you should also wash your hands after sneezing or coughing, after meeting any ill person, touching any objects including money, after getting in contact with animals, before preparing food and eating and after using washroom.
   doctors are emphasizing to wash hands with soap  hand wash to prevent coronavirus. But if water is unavailable, you can use hand sanitizer or hand rub.
   Savlon hand sanitizer is available in 3 different sizes- 25ml tube, 50ml container & 200ml container. Price- 25ml tube- 40 taka , 50ml container- 80 taka & 200ml container- 200 taka.
   Savlon disinfectant spray has alcohol which is effective against coronavirus.
   Savlon disinfectant spray is a concentrated liquid. After using, a pungent smell might arise which can cause mild coughing. Coughing will stop in a short time and this will not cause any physical problems as well. To avoid this, please use the product keeping maximum possible distance and use the surface after 5 minutes of using the product.
   Savlon disinfectant spray is a concentrated liquid. After using a pungent smell might arise which can cause mild coughing. Coughing will stop in a short time and this will not cause any physical problems as well. To avoid this, please use the product keeping maximum possible distance and use the surface after 5 minutes of using the product.
 Clean any visible dirt on the surface. Hold the can upright and spray 6' to 8' away from the surface until it becomes wet and allow to air dry for at least 30 seconds. Use Savlon Disinfectant Spray at door knob, toilet seat, sofa, office desk, lift button, car handle and seat, inside shoe, in closet, public transport seat, shopping bag.
   Savlon disinfectant spray is available in 2 different sizes 125ml for 170 taka and 300ml for 350 taka.
   Savlon liquid is effective against various viruses including coronavirus.
   you can look for the product in e-commerce sites and retail shops in your area. We are trying our best to ensure stock daily. Thank you for staying with Savlon.
   using 70% alcohol is one of the many ways to kill coronavirus. Savlon Antiseptic Liquid contains Chlorhexidine Gluconate & Strong Cetrimide which effectively kills viruses.
   you can look for the product in e-commerce sites and retail shops in your area. We are trying our best to ensure stock daily. Thank you for staying with Savlon.
   to prepare disinfectant solution mix 25ml Savlon Liquid with 1L water and apply it on the required surfaces.
   to prepare disinfectant solution mix 25ml Savlon Liquid with 1L water and apply it on the required surfaces.
   in case of digesting Savlon liquid, drink lots of water immediately. Do not try to force vomit and consult a doctor.
   Savlon liquid solution can be used for up to 7 days from preparation date.
   you can bathe your child with savlon water. Use 5ml (1 Tea Spoon) Savlon liquid with 1L water and please make sure your child does not ingest Savlon water by any chance.
   we have not increased our prices at this moment. Please contact proper authority (retail store owner, outlet manager or consumer rights association) and submit your complaint. Thank you  
   we have not increased our prices at this moment. Please contact proper authority (retail store owner, outlet manager or consumer rights association) and submit your complaint. Thank you
   we have not increased our prices at this moment. Please contact proper authority (retail store owner, outlet manager or consumer rights association) and submit your complaint. Thank you
 Along with usage on skin, Savlon Antiseptic Liquid can also be applied as a disinfectant on surfaces and laundry. Its effective germicide chlorohexidine gluconate & strong cetrimide take instant action on applied surfaces and keeps you germ-free.
   TFM % of Savlon soap is 76%.
   to use Savlon hand rub take sufficient hand rub on your palms and rub properly covering your hands and wrists. No water is required for this purpose.
   Savlon hand rub has 70% alcohol and Chlorhexidine gluconate which kills germs effectively.
   both hand sanitizer and hand rub kills germs including coronavirus effectively. These two products have different formulations but perform the same task. Usually hand sanitizer liquid has higher density than hand rub. Both these products can disinfect without using any water.
   Savlon hand rub is available in 4 different sizes- 50ml for 40 taka, 50ml spray for 60 taka, 250ml for 130 taka and 450ml for 215 taka.  
   we have not increased our prices at this moment. Please contact proper authority (retail store owner, outlet manager or consumer rights association) and submit your complaint. Thank you 
   we apologize for the temporary inconvenience. We always try our best to ensure stock at your nearby stores. You can find our products at your nearby retail stores, supershops and e-commerce sites.Thank you for staying with Savlon.
   we apologize for the temporary inconvenience. To meet the extraordinary demand we are trying our best to ensure stock daily. You can find our products are your nearby retail stores, supershops and e-commerce sites.Thank you for staying with Savlon.
   you can look for the product in e-commerce sites and retail shops in your area. We are trying our best to ensure stock daily. Thank you for staying with Savlon.
   if soap gets in your eyes immediately wash with lots of water. You may experience burning  itching in your eyes. Please consult a doctor if the burning  itching does not go away or if any other complications are experienced.
   Savlon baby  wet wipes contain benjalkenium chloride which effectively kills viruses and bacteria.
   you can use Savlon wipes to disinfect your electronic gadgets including mobile phone and laptop. But it should only be applied on outer surfaces when there is no risk of damage from getting wet.
   Savlon baby  wet wipes is balanced with pH level 5.5. So it does not harm your skin.
   you can use Savlon baby  wet wipes on skin, mobile phone, sunglass, remote, door knobs, keyrings etc.
 Savlon Antiseptic Liquid is manufactured by Advanced Chemical Industries Limited (ACI) and the packaging has a logo of ACI and a trademark R at the top right corner of the Savlon logo. For further clarification, please check DAR no 005-09-76 or MA no 005-009-071 on the packaging of the product as well.
   Savlon baby  wet wipes contain benjalkenium chloride which can kill 99.99% germs present on floors.  
   you can use Shinex floor cleaner to disinfect any floors including marble, granite, tiles, ceramics and mosaiks.
   Shinex floor cleaner has the highest number of variants in the country.  There are 6 different variants- Natural, Citrus, Floral, Cherry Blossom, Frest Mist and Ucaliptus.
   Shinex floor cleaner is available in 3 different sizes 500ml for 140 taka, 1L for 235 taka and 5L Natural for 400taka and 1L natural 200taka.
 Savlon has been serving millions of households of Bangladesh for more than 4 decades. Being a heritage brand, it has always helped people stay protected from illness causing germs & viruses. Our journey started with Savlon Liquid Antiseptic & Cream, which later flourished into a wide range of products including Savlon Soap, Hand Wash, Hand Rub, Hand Sanitizer, Disinfectant Spray and Wipes.
   yes, you can wash your face with Savlon soap. But it is suggested to use moisturizer afterwards since the skin of face is highly sensitive.
 Savlon Antiseptic Liquid & Cream contains two active ingredients Cetrimide and Chlorhexidine Gluconate, which kills germs and protects you from various diseases.
 Savlon Antiseptic  Cream contains two active ingredients Cetrimide and Chlorhexidine Gluconate. It treats any wound in the skin and helps to heal the wound
 A powerful product with strong heritage, Savlon Antiseptic Liquid ensures a safe and protected environment for your family. Along with usage on skin, Savlon Antiseptic Liquid can also be applied as a disinfectant on surfaces and laundry. Its effective germicide chlorohexidine gluconate & strong cetrimide takes instant action on applied surfaces and keeps you germ-free.
 The main ingredients of Savlon Antiseptic Liquid & Cream were discovered and developed by Imperial Chemical Industries (ICI). Later in 1992, ACI Limited was formed which obtained the ownership of this brand.
 Currently there are 6 sizes of Savlon Antiseptic liquid 56ml- MRP 32 taka, 112ml-MRP 44 taka, 500ml- MRP 125.38 taka, 725ml- MRP 185 taka, 1L-MRP 220.66 taka, 5L - MRP 712.14 taka & 5L hospital concentrate- MRP 1745.23 taka
 Currently there are 3 sizes of Savlon Antiseptic Cream. 30gm-MRP 25.08 taka, 60gm - MRP 34.10 taka & 100gm - MRP 50 taka
   Savlon Antiseptic Cream should be used to treat wounds  tear on outer skin. It is recommended that you wash your face with any liquid soap or facewash 
   Savlon Antiseptic Cream should be used to treat wounds  tear on outer skin. You can use Savlon cream if the pimple makes any wound  tear on outer skin.
   Savlon soap is a Grade 1 soap with a TFM level of 76%. With respect to the quality, the price has been fixed. Moreover, the double strength of Gold & Platinum gives you double protection from germs.
   we apologize in for your inconvenience. Kindly share your complaint with us in details. Also please share your contact details with us and our respective team will be in touch. Thank you for staying with Savlon.
   Savlon Handwash contains moisturizing agents which nourishes your skin and keeps your hands moist. This might give  a slippery feeling to your hands.
   Savlon Handwash contains moisturizing agents which nourishes your skin and keeps your hands moist. This gives a slippery feeling to your hands for which you might have used a lot of of water.
   Savlon soap is available in 4 sizes 125gm, 100gm, 75gm & 35gm.
   there is no need to use water after using Savlon Hand Rub. Hand Rub disinfects your hands without any need of water. But you will need to wash hands with water and soap if there is any dirty.
 Yes, Savlon Hand Rub contains 70% alcohol.
 I'm sorry, I didn't quite understand that. Could you rephrase?
